Title: Live Content Description: Fetched live Source: https://www.teslamechanicaldesigns.com/ --- Outsource Machine Design Services | Tesla Mechanical Designs Home About Us Services Industrial Industrial Design P&amp;ID Services Machine Design Mechanical Component Design Mechanical Design Services Product Product Design Product Rendering &amp; Animation Sheet Metal Sheet Metal Design Services Enclosure Design Services Sheet Metal Modeling Services Modeling 3D Modeling Mechanical Part Modeling Drafting Services CAD Drafting Reverse Engineering Reverse Engineering Engineering Analysis CFD Analysis FEA Analysis Prototyping and Manufacturing 3D Printing Prototyping Services Manufacturing Services Insights Blog Infographics Contact Us TMD Where Design Meets Innovation Design Mechanical Design & Engineering Services Prototype Prototyping Services Previous Next Engineering Design and Automation Company Tesla Mechanical Designs offers expert engineering design and automation solutions, partnering with clients in USA, Canada, UK, Europe, and Australia to achieve their project goals. We provide comprehensive support to meet all your mechanical engineering and design automation requirements. Our experienced engineers leverage cutting-edge technology to deliver robust, reliable, and cost-effective results, whether you're developing a new product, optimizing a process, or integrating automation. We collaborate closely with you, ensuring your vision is realized, and building long-term partnerships based on trust and shared success. Contact us to discuss your project. Talk to Our Engineering Specialist What Makes Us Different With years of experience in engineering design and automation, we understand your needs and deliver personalized solutions. We pride ourselves on streamlined processes, high-quality designs, and our unique ability to provide at least a 4-hour overlap with any timezone. All your engineering needs under one roof If you are looking for mechanical engineering services, industrial design, embedded & IOT, or prototyping & manufacturing, we cater to a diverse range of Engineering Design Services, making us the best choice for all your needs. Experienced Team of Qualified Professionals Our team comprises engineers specializing in mechanical engineering, industrial design, process engineering, IC (instrumentation and control), as well as IOT specialists with a rich experience in working with global clients. Time Zone Coverage with Overlapping Timezones With our team working in 2 shifts, Engineering Design Companies globally get a minimum of 4 overlapping working hours with our offshore team, regardless of your location. This enhances communication and facilitates resolution of issues in real-time. Our Engineering Design Services Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Engineering Engineering Analysis Reverse Engineering Product Design Product Design & Development Industrial Design Prototyping Automation Embedded and IOT Design Automation CAD Customization Piping Piping Design Manufacturing Manufacturing Services Engineering Design Excellence through Innovation Lets talk about your Engineering Design project! Your Name E-mail Phone No Select Country United States Canada Australia United Kingdom UAE India Other Country Message Submit --> Our Approach to Engineering Design Projects 1. Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement We start by signing a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) to protect your intellectual property. 2. Need Assessment Next, we identify and analyze the requirements, objectives, and constraints of your project. 3. Project Planning and Kick-off Meeting Once we have agreed on the price and scope of work, we plan a kickoff meeting with you to confirm details and align expectations. We also develop a comprehensive plan outlining the project schedule, and the resources to be deployed. 4. Project Setup and Execution We setup the project in accordance with the project scope and initiate the project by mobilizing resources as per the project plan. We monitor the progress and promptly resolve any issues encountered. 5. Quality Check We implement a 2 step quality check process to ensure that the project deliverables adhere to the required standards. We also curate a customized checklist specifically for your project's needs. 6. Final Delivery We deliver the project files for your review and acceptance. If required, we fine-tune the deliverables based on your feedback and share the final set of files and close the project. Our Engineering Design Partnerships Engineering Support Oil & Gas Technology Automation Renewable Energy Manufacturing Outpace your Competition by Working with Us! Practical Innovation Uncompromising Integrity Harmonious Collaboration Unconditional Accountability Unwavering Commitment Maximum Efficiency Client Testimonials Tesla Mechanical Designs has collaboratively looked upon meeting our requirements to complete the product design of electric kettle to be used for multiple purposes with innovative and unique shapes given to it. We are competent with their knowledge and skilled team members. - Drake Evans Tesla Mechanical Designs provided the expertise of high-end engineering solutions that helped take our product to an extremely new level from sketches to essential manufacturing files. - Joseph Henderson Tesla Mechanical Designs helped us visualize products; experience in designing the product and understanding our conceptual idea have helped us achieve great success. - Daniel Cowell Previous Next Your Engineering Challenges, Our CAD & Manufacturing Solutions Contact +1 510 680 3390 +61 48 999 7117 +44 33 3011 9045 +91 79 4800 4669 Services 3D CAD Modeling CAD Drafting Mechanical Design Sheet Metal Design Manufacturing Services Quick Links About Us Contact Us Blog Infographics Privacy Policy info@teslamechanicaldesigns.com Copyright © 2026 Tesla Mechanical Designs All rights reserved | Privacy Policy Official LinkedIn Company Page Official X Page Official Instagram Page Official Facebook Page Official Pinterest Page We use cookies to make your experience better, please read our Privacy Policy. OK 